Spec: Fix view example (#8966)
apache/iceberg: format/view-spec.md

```

Each change creates a new metadata JSON file.

> For example, SQL is modified with identifier having catalog name and namespace as below.

Author: It was hard to figureout what is changed. Hence, added this description.

> For example, SQL is modified with identifier having catalog name and namespace as below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the below example, the underlying SQL is modified by specifying the fully-qualified table name.
```

```sql
USE prod.other_db;
CREATE OR REPLACE VIEW default.event_agg (

>     event_count COMMENT 'Count of events',

Reviewer: I think it would be better to just remove the comment(s) in general from here and from the JSON

```sql
USE prod.other_db;
CREATE OR REPLACE VIEW default.event_agg (

>     event_count COMMENT 'Count of events',

Author: When compared this to line 175-177, 
column comment and view comment both were missing. But this change was not reflected back in the new metadata file.

- I updated the metadata file to remove properties. Since view comment is missing.
- Instead of adding a new schema id with missing doc, I added back the column comment to simplify the example.

  "format-version" : 1,
  "location" : "s3://bucket/warehouse/default.db/event_agg",
  "current-version-id" : 1,

>   "properties" : {

Reviewer: shouldn't this be aligned with the first example where `properties` are specified?

Author: I thought it was intentional removal. To show some change in the new metadata. 

I added it back and updated the SQL.
